So you've never actually been to Scarborough then?
- No, no. I've never been here. What's the choice? Where do we go?
- Well you've got the North Bay, the South
Bay, or the Michael Bay.
- Right.
- North Bay, generally quite quiet, Sea
Life Centre, nice little park there.
- Mhmm.
- South Bay, you're talking ice creams,
penny slot machines, donkey rides, that kind of thing.
The Michael Bay which is run by the guy who did Transformers.
- Right.
- So you've got big robots, large explosions, scantily-clad women, and American flags all over the place.
Which one do you fancy?
- Uh, let's go with the South Bay, I want to play Time Crisis.
I'm gonna put this in the bin.
- Fair enough.
I'm just gonna keep an eye on those two seagulls.
- The Decepticons are coming!
- Next beach over, mate.
- Cheers!